well here we are behind the season
Strictly Come Dancing and we're gonna
have a look around a dressing room a
dressing room number three
whatever I'll wander around and you can
have a guess whose it is
let's have a look we've got a a bag here
of pineapple or somebody watches their
weight sushi a little bit of sushi this
this person is a very health conscious
person drawn here with a dip I hope
they're not going off we could have a
little rush to the move
a nice mutt sack we've got some bandage
I like that some sticky bandage jacket
but a lot a tuna lovely chocolate oh
that's weak oh this is a beauty
rhinestones my favorite so let's have a
look at the clues we've got all the
fruit we've got the water a very healthy
person so at the jacket potato with the
tuna we've got the sparkle who dresses
in a room like this it's over to you
look what I found
we're dressing boy or girl
you